Remove deprecated methods from managing_screen_orientation (#20295)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/css_object_model/managing_screen_orientation/index.md

### Preventing orientation change

> Any web application can lock the screen to suits its own needs. The screen is locked using the {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.lock()")}} method and unlocked using the {{domxref("Screen.orientation.unlock()")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any web application can lock the screen to suits its own needs. The screen is locked using the {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.lock()", "screen.orientation.lock()")}} method and unlocked using the {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.unlock()", "screen.orientation.unlock()")}} method.
```

> The {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.lock()")}} accepts a string (or series of strings) to define the kind of lock to apply. Accepted values are: `any`, `natural`. `portrait-primary`, `portrait-secondary`, `landscape-primary`, `landscape-secondary`, `portrait`, `landscape` (See {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.lock")}}  to know more about each of those values). It returns a {{domxref("promise")}} that resolves after the lock succeeds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.lock()", "screen.orientation.lock()")}} method accepts a string (or series of strings) to define the kind of lock to apply. Accepted values are: `any`, `natural`. `portrait-primary`, `portrait-secondary`, `landscape-primary`, `landscape-secondary`, `portrait`, and `landscape`. It returns a {{domxref("promise")}} that resolves after the lock succeeds.
```

```js

> ScreenOrientation.lock('landscape');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{domxref("ScreenOrientation.lock()", "screen.orientation.lock()")}} ;
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

It returns a {{domxref("promise")}} that resolves after the lock succeeds.

```

### Preventing orientation change

Any web application can lock the screen to suits its own needs. The screen is locked using the {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.lock()", "screen.orientation.lock()")}} method and unlocked using the {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.unlock()", "screen.orientation.unlock()")}} method.

The {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.lock()", "screen.orientation.lock()")}} method accepts one of the following values to define the kind of lock to apply: `any`, `natural`. `portrait-primary`, `portrait-secondary`, `landscape-primary`, `landscape-secondary`, `portrait`, and `landscape`:

```js

> {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.lock()", "screen.orientation.lock()")}} ;

Reviewer 2: Hey there!  Just an after-review note, macros shouldn't be used inside of codeblocks like this -- the `domxref` in the above paragraph is sufficient to link to this method.

## See also

> - {{domxref("ScreenOrientation")}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{domxref("Screen.orientation", "screen.orientation")}} 
- {{domxref("ScreenOrientation")}}
```
